Documentation cleanup/fixes (#305)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/acquiring-tokens/overview.md

## Token caching

For both public and confidential client applications, MSAL.NET supports adding a token cache that preserves authentication and refresh tokens, as well as proactively refreshes those on an as-needed basis. For details, see [Token cache serialization in MSAL.NET](../how-to/token-cache-serialization.md).

In the case of Universal Windows Platform (UWP) applications, Xamarin for iOS, and Xamarin for Android, token cache serialization to an isolated storage is automatically provided by MSAL.NET and developers do not need to add any custom caching logic. For .NET desktop applications (.NET, .NET Framework, and .NET Core) the application needs to handle the token cache serialization and storage directly; however, helper classes are available to help simplify the process.

## Token acquisition methods

### Public client applications

- Will often [acquire token interactively](./desktop-mobile/acquiring-tokens-interactively.md), having the user sign-in.

> - It's also possible for a desktop application running on a Windows machine joined to a domain or to Microsoft Entra ID to [use Integrated Windows Authentication (IWA/Kerberos)](./desktop-mobile/integrated-windows-authentication.md) to acquire a token silently.

Reviewer: Mention that IWA is not recommended.

- For .NET Framework desktop applications, in limited scenarios it's possible to [get a token with a username and password](./desktop-mobile/username-password-authentication.md). Due to security considerations, this approach is not recommended.

> - Applications running on devices which don't have a web browser, a token can be acquired with the help of the [device code flow](./desktop-mobile/device-code-flow.md), which provides the application user with a URL and a code. The user will subsequently go to a web browser on another device, enter the code, and sign in. The authenticating device will then poll Microsoft Entra ID services until it receives confirmation of a successful sign in and an access token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In applications running on devices which don't have a web browser, a token can be acquired with the help of the [device code flow](./desktop-mobile/device-code-flow.md), which provides the application user with a URL and a code. The user will subsequently go to a web browser on another device, enter the code, and sign in. The authenticating device will then poll Microsoft Entra ID services until it receives confirmation of a successful sign in and an access token.
```

The following table summarizes the available approaches to acquire tokens in public client applications:

| Operating system      | Platform        | App type | [Interactive](./desktop-mobile/acquiring-tokens-interactively.md) | [IWA](./desktop-mobile/integrated-windows-authentication.md) | [ROPC](./desktop-mobile/username-password-authentication.md) | [Device Code](./desktop-mobile/device-code-flow.md) |
|:----------------------|:----------------|:---------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|
| Windows desktop	      | .NET            | Desktop (WPF, Windows Forms, Console) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| Windows 10	          | UWP	            | Store app	                            | ✅	| ✅	| ❌	| ❌ |
| Android	              | Xamarin Android	| Mobile	                              | ✅	| ❌	| ✅	| ❌ |

> | iOS                   | Xamarin iOS	    | Mobile	                              | ✅	| ❌	| ❌	| ✅ |

Reviewer: Device code not available on Android? ROPC - not on iOS? Is that right?

| macOS, Linux, Windows	| .NET Core 	    | Console	                              | N/A see [Using web browsers](../acquiring-tokens/using-web-browsers.md)	| ✅	| ✅	| ✅ |

### Confidential client applications

- Acquires token **for the application itself**, not for a user. Token acquisition is done with the help of [client credentials](./web-apps-apis/client-credential-flows.md). This flow is useful for syncing tools or tools which process data or user information without a specific identity attached to it.
- For web APIs calling an API on behalf of a user, developers can use [On Behalf Of flow](./web-apps-apis/on-behalf-of-flow.md). The application itself will use client credentials to acquire a token based on a user assertion (e.g., [SAML](/entra/identity-platform/single-sign-on-saml-protocol) or a [JWT](/entra/identity-platform/security-tokens#json-web-tokens-and-claims)). This flow can be used for applications which need to access resources of a particular user in service-to-service calls.

> - **For web apps**, token acquisition is done with the help of an [by authorization code](./web-apps-apis/authorization-codes.md) after signing the user in through the authorization request URL. This is typically the mechanism used by an application which lets the user sign-in using [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/), but then wants to access web APIs on behalf of this particular user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **For web apps**, token acquisition is done using an [authorization code](./web-apps-apis/authorization-codes.md) after signing the user in through the authorization request URL. This is typically the mechanism used by an application which lets the user sign-in using [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/) and then accesses web APIs on behalf of this particular user.
```

The following table summarizes the ways to acquire tokens in confidential client applications:

> | Operating system      | Platform       | App type | [Client Credential](./web-apps-apis/client-credential-flows.md) | [On behalf of](./web-apps-apis/on-behalf-of-flow.md) | [Auth Code](./web-apps-apis/authorization-codes.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Operating system      | Platform       | App type | [Client Credential](./web-apps-apis/client-credential-flows.md) | [On-Behalf-Of](./web-apps-apis/on-behalf-of-flow.md) | [Auth Code](./web-apps-apis/authorization-codes.md)
```

|:----------------------|:---------------|:---------|:----------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------
| Windows               | .NET Framework | Web app                  | ✅ | ❌ | ✅ |
| Windows, macOS, Linux | ASP.NET Core   | Web app                  | ✅ | ❌ | ✅ |
| Windows               | .NET Framework | Web API                  | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |
| Windows, macOS, Linux | ASP.NET Core   | Web API                  | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ |

> | Windows               | .NET Framework | Daemon (windows service) | ✅ | ❌ | ❌ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Windows               | .NET Framework | Daemon (Windows service) | ✅ | ❌ | ❌ |
```

The following table summarizes the available approaches to acquire tokens in public client applications:

| Operating system      | Platform        | App type | [Interactive](./desktop-mobile/acquiring-tokens-interactively.md) | [IWA](./desktop-mobile/integrated-windows-authentication.md) | [ROPC](./desktop-mobile/username-password-authentication.md) | [Device Code](./desktop-mobile/device-code-flow.md) |
|:----------------------|:----------------|:---------|:------------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|
| Windows (desktop)     | .NET            | Desktop (WPF, Windows Forms, Console) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ |
| Windows 10 and newer  | UWP             | Store app                             | ✅ | ✅ | ❌ | ❌ |
| Android               | Xamarin Android | Mobile                                | ✅ | ❌ | ✅ | ❌ |

> | iOS                   | Xamarin iOS     | Mobile                                | ✅ | ❌ | ❌ | ✅ |

Reviewer: This matches the previous table, but wouldn't Device Code be available on all; and ROPC either available or not on both, Android and iOS? @bgavrilMS

- **For web apps**, token acquisition is done using an [authorization code](./web-apps-apis/authorization-codes.md) after signing the user in through the authorization request URL. This is typically the mechanism used by an application which lets the user sign-in using [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/how-connect-works/) and then accesses web APIs on behalf of this particular user.

The following table summarizes the ways to acquire tokens in confidential client applications:

| Operating system      | Platform       | App type | [Client Credential](./web-apps-apis/client-credential-flows.md) | [On-Behalf-Of](./web-apps-apis/on-behalf-of-flow.md) | [Auth Code](./web-apps-apis/authorization-codes.md)
|:----------------------|:---------------|:---------|:----------------------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------

> | Windows               | .NET Framework | Web app                  | ✅ | ❌ | ✅ |

Reviewer: These icons are nice. Very readable.
